[3;J[H[2J

		WELCOME TO THE CAVES!

		Enter your group name: Toddlers
Mohit9638@
7
go
go
go
go
go
give
read


		Enter password: 


You have solved 6 levels so far.
Level you want to start at: [3;J[H[2J



	You enter a narrow, rocky passage. You are relived to note that it has
	only one exit, at a short distance away. The passage has a couple of
	lighted torches showing the path but the light is not very bright.
	You notice that the exit has a door that is closed. The door seems to
	be made of wood and there is no panel next to it. Going closer, you
	realize that indeed there is no panel next to the door. There is instead
	a door-handle. You turn the handle and push slightly. The door opens
	a little... suddenly, you hear spirit whispering something urgent in
	your ears but cannot understand. Equally suddenly, the whispering voice
	stops and there is complete silence. You feel as if the spirit has
	taken flight... you do not sense it at all. All this makes you a little
	hesitant in going through the door. What is it at the other side... you
	wonder.
> [3;J[H[2J



	You decide you explore and push the door open. You see a proper
	room with a bed, a table, and a chair! The room is lighted through
	a small torch burning at one of the walls. Suddenly you realize
	that someone is sleeping on the bed!! Gathering yourself after the
	initial shock, you quietly move over to the bed and see a tall man
	soundly sleeping. He has short, black hair and a squarish face.
	He is snoring slightly. Who is this man? And how did he end up
	here? Maybe he is another explorer who got tired and is taking
	a quick nap, you reason. Thinking of this makes you aware of your
	own tiredness. You too can do with some rest you think. Steeling
	yourself against it, you step back and look around the room.
	You notice another door at the other end. The door is ajar.

> [3;J[H[2J



	
	You move towards the door. Before opening it, you turn back to see
	the sleeping man (maybe to verify that you were not dreaming!).
	He is now sitting up on the bed, staring at you. His eyes appear
	completely blank.

	"Hello", you say. The man just stares at you.

	"Er, I am looking for a way out of here." You continue.
	"Do you know which way to go?" No answer.

	"How did you come here?" You try once more. The eyes just got
	blanker. You start getting worried.

	"Are you alright?" Your monologue goes on. "Do you need some help?"
	The eyes flash all of a sudden, and the man turns and runs out
	of the room (from the door you came in). Going after him, you
	too cross the door coming out in the passage. Nothing. The man
	simply vanished. Not willing to go back into the maze again, you
	reenter the room.

> [3;J[H[2J



	The room has a bed, a table, and a chair. The room is lighted through
	a small torch burning at one of the walls. The bed has slightly
	crumpled sheet. There is another door at the other end. The door is ajar.

> [3;J[H[2J



	You come out to a corridor. You decide to go ahead. The corridor turns upward.
	After a while, it gets steeper. Eventually, it becomes so steep that you
	find hard to take even a single step. Doggedly, you keep walking...
	You see the end of the climb ahead you. Feeling elated, you increase your
	speed to reach it quickly...
	You come out at a small clearing that is enclosed on three sides with
	rough stone walls. On one of the walls there is a door made of wood.
	There is no handle on it and no panel next to it. How does one go through
	this, you wonder. You try pushing the door, and it moves!

> [3;J[H[2J



	The door leads to a wide room. There are a number of torches proving light.
	You see a shadow on the floor. Looking in its direction, you find the man
	with blank eyes standing at one corner of the room. His eyes are no longer
	blank though. They are shining, and he has a slight smile on his face.

	"Who are you?" you ask.

	"I are the creater of these caves", says the man.

	"Why did you do it?"

	"I like to stay at a quite place. And I dislike intrusions."

	"Er, sorry, I didn't ...", you are not sure what to say.
	The eyes are now shining even more. You detect anger in them.
	His right hand moves, and you see a wand in his hands. You sense
	he is about to do something unpleasent.

> [3;J[H[2J



	You quickly take out your wand and offer it to the man.
	He stops in the middle of a weave of his wand.

	"What!?" he sounds confused.

	"Take it", you say.

	"Ah... this is my long-lost wand! Er, thanks. You can go.
	But never come back!"

	Saying this, the man grabs your wand, turns, and vanishes!
	You see a door at the other end of the room. Quickly, you 
	go and pull it...
	
	... But it does not open. After wasting some time and effort 
	on opening it, comes the realization that it is locked.
	And of course, there is a panel next to it which you did
	not notice in your haste to get out.

> [3;J[H[2J

	You see the following written on the panel:

	696462E8000000000680880461E16C686FEEEBEE61E16C68068A890661E16C68
	000A010200000000068A890661E16C68696E63EA00000000696462E800000000

	As you wonder what do these numbers mean, you hear a whisper in your ears ...
	"I am so happy that he went away without noticing me. He is the one who bound
	me to the hole. Oh, I was so scared that he will notice me!

	You must be wondering about these numbers. This is the hash value of your password
	which is created by a toy version of SHA3. This version of SHA3 has only three step mappings:
	Theta, Pi, Chi. Also, the password is no more than 16 characters.


Press c to continue> 